tents home to protesters on the John's
Hopkins University campus for the last
13 days voluntarily taken down after
they were able to make a deal with
University officials the administration
is offering us a very fast-tracked
review of our divestment concerns and
then the bo the Board of Trustees is
going to vote on that in either March or
June of 2025 as part of the deal the
student protesters will also not face
disciplinary action and the protesters
have agreed not to disrupt the upcoming
graduation ceremony something that has
happened across the country in the last
few
days at Duke
University students walk out before
commedian Jerry Seinfeld a vocal
supporter of Israel gave a
speech this was the scene at the
University of California
Berkeley and the University of North
Carolina Chapel Hill give him
protests after the ceremonies at the
University of Texas in Austin the class
of
2024 and at Virginia Commonwealth
University students walked out as the
governor began to speak to protest the
violent police Crackdown against
protesters supporting Palestine on
campus those tactics have been the norm
across the country police and riot gear
using pepper spray and violence to
arrest nearly 2900 people at 50 seven
universities back at John's Hopkins just
one of six universities to agree to a
peaceful settlement protesters say this
part is over but it is just the
beginning this agreement will be the
first step in a much longer fight and it
will allow us to regroup and focus our
energy on future actions and on future
agitation towards the ultimate goal of
uh total divestment from from Israel now
they have a promise that a vote will
happen on whether the school's large
endowment will divest from firms and
defense contractors that help Israel
just not a guarantee that they'll vote
in their favor Patty colan Al jaaz
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaera